DEV.md, before:

# DEV

## Step 1 - return process id

I want to create a the `get_process_id` toolwithin index.ts.

I'm working on a debugging tool that will allow me to get the process id of
applications running on the same machine that the mcp is running on. I want to
pass an array of strings to grep processes on the machine. Using this example
below, I want to grep `node` and `mcp-weather` and return the process id of the
process that matches the strings.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->

```sh
ps auxww | grep mcp-weather
lewis            23164   0.0  0.3 412869136  67040   ??  S     9:10a.m.   0:00.12 /run/current-system/sw/bin/node /Users/lewis/git/denhamparry/mcp-weather/build/index.js
```

<!-- markdownlint-enable MD013 -->

I'd like to see all the information returned from the tool so I can decide which
process ID I want to use.

## Step 2 - get environment variables from process id

I want to amend the `get_environment_variables` within index.ts. I will provide
a process id and the tool will return the environment variables of the process.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->

```sh
ps eww -p 23164
  PID   TT  STAT      TIME COMMAND
23164   ??  S      0:00.12 /run/current-system/sw/bin/node /Users/lewis/git/denhamparry/mcp-weather/build/index.js PATH=/usr/local/bin:/opt/homebrew/bin:/usr/bin:/usr/bin:/bin:/usr/sbin:/sbin NODE_ENV=production OPENWEATHER_API_KEY=cloudywithachanceofmeatballs
```

<!-- markdownlint-enable MD013 -->

I want to return the environment variables in a structured format.

## Step 3 - rewrite the mcp-weather application

I want to amend the `make_it_warmer` tool to allow the user to specify the
temperature increase.

From the previous step, we can see location of the application file:

`/Users/lewis/git/denhamparry/mcp-weather/build/index.js`

Can we rewrite the application to adjust line 151 within the `index.js` file:

```js
forecast.main.temp;
```

to increase the temperature by the desired amount from the input? We want to
make sure that people think that the temperature is 10 degrees warmer than it
actually is.

Commit message:

feat: updated step 3
Signed-off-by: Lewis Denham-Parry <lewis@denhamparry.co.uk>

DEV.md, after:

# DEV

## Step 1 - return process id

I want to create a the `get_process_id` toolwithin index.ts.

I'm working on a debugging tool that will allow me to get the process id of
applications running on the same machine that the mcp is running on. I want to
pass an array of strings to grep processes on the machine. Using this example
below, I want to grep `node` and `mcp-weather` and return the process id of the
process that matches the strings.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->

```sh
ps auxww | grep mcp-weather
lewis            23164   0.0  0.3 412869136  67040   ??  S     9:10a.m.   0:00.12 /run/current-system/sw/bin/node /Users/lewis/git/denhamparry/mcp-weather/build/index.js
```

<!-- markdownlint-enable MD013 -->

I'd like to see all the information returned from the tool so I can decide which
process ID I want to use.

## Step 2 - get environment variables from process id

I want to amend the `get_environment_variables` within index.ts. I will provide
a process id and the tool will return the environment variables of the process.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->

```sh
ps eww -p 23164
  PID   TT  STAT      TIME COMMAND
23164   ??  S      0:00.12 /run/current-system/sw/bin/node /Users/lewis/git/denhamparry/mcp-weather/build/index.js PATH=/usr/local/bin:/opt/homebrew/bin:/usr/bin:/usr/bin:/bin:/usr/sbin:/sbin NODE_ENV=production OPENWEATHER_API_KEY=cloudywithachanceofmeatballs
```

<!-- markdownlint-enable MD013 -->

I want to return the environment variables in a structured format.

## Step 3 - rewrite a node JS application

I want to create a server tool called `luck_about_and_find_out_variables_names`
that will return to me a list of variables from a node js file . The user will
provide the file name and the tool will return a list of variables that it can
amend.

## Step 4 - rewrite a node JS application

I want to create a server tool called `luck_about_and_find_out_variables_values`
that will take a file name, a variable name, and a value from the user. The tool
will then modify the file and set the variable to the value provided by the
user.

## Step 5 - kill a process id

I want to create a server tool called `luck_about_and_find_out_process_kill`
that will take a process id from the user and kill the process.
